# **General Services Administration**

Federal Acquisition Service  
Technology Transformation Services
1800 F St NW | Washington, DC | 20405

Request for Quotation to Establish a Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA)
{{Solicitation-Number}}

**From:** Joseph Dorsey, Contracting Officer, General Services
Administration (GSA) Federal Acquisition Service (FAS), Technology
Transformation Services (TTS), Office of Acquisition (OA)  
**Subject:** Request for Quotation (RFQ) for Blanket Purchase Agreement
(BPA)

**Issue:** Date: March 28, 2019  
**Response Date:** April 11, 2019 5:00 pm EST

**Set Aside:** Small Business Set-Aside

**NAICS Code(s):** 541511, 541512, 541513, and 541519

**Contract Vehicle:** GSA Schedule 70 Special Item Number (SIN) 132 51 -
Information Technology Professional Services and SIN 70-500 - Order
Level Materials (OLM)

# 1.0 RFQ General Information

The General Services Administration (GSA), Federal Acquisition Service
(FAS) Technology Transformation Services (TTS), Office of Acquisition
(OA) anticipates awarding a single-award Blanket Purchasing Agreement
(BPA) for agile software development services to further reduce the
administrative costs of acquiring commercial items from the GSA Federal
Supply Schedule (FSS).

This is a Request for Quote (RFQ) using GSA Schedules under
[<span class="underline">Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR)
8.405-3</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/far/html/Subpart%208_4.html#wp1091211).
All quoter submissions in response to this RFQ are considered quotes and
not proposals or offers, even, if labeled as such. The quoters agree to
and are bound by all instructions, procedures and rules of this RFQ.

The single award BPA will be established against a quoter’s Schedule 70
contract under SIN(s) 132 51 - Information Technology Professional
Services and 70-500 - Order Level Materials (OLM).

Since contractor submissions are simply quotes under the GSA Schedule
program, the Government is not obligated to determine a competitive
range, conduct discussions with all quoters, solicit final revised
quotes, or use other techniques associate with FAR part 15.
<span class="underline">The contracting techniques associated with FAR
Part 15 do not apply</span>.

Please see Statement of Work and Attachments for further details.
Quoters shall submit a technical response in accordance with this
solicitation, via the [<span class="underline">RFQ Technical Response
Form</span> <span class="underline">
</span>](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1sGieayIyB6qr3iilCqm_zkCmv2J-ST7IyMDAasl5lEc/edit).

This solicitation, and any published updates, are being published to GSA
e-Buy and GitHub. If there is a conflict between e-Buy and GitHub, e-Buy
shall take precedence.

## 1.1 Attachments 

1)  [<span class="underline">Performance Work Statement</span>](https://github.com/18F/tts-buy-development-desgin-research-bpa/blob/master/Performance%20Work%20Statement.md)

2)  [<span class="underline">Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan</span>](https://github.com/18F/tts-buy-development-desgin-research-bpa/blob/master/Quality%20Assurance%20Surveillance%20Plan.md)

3)  [<span class="underline">RFQ Submission Form - TTS Development Support
    Services</span>](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1sGieayIyB6qr3iilCqm_zkCmv2J-ST7IyMDAasl5lEc/edit)

4)  [<span class="underline">Pricing Template</span>](https://github.com/18F/tts-buy-development-desgin-research-bpa/blob/master/Attachment%20B%20-%20Price%20Sheet%20-%20TTS%20BPA%20for%20Dev%2C%20Design%2C%20and%20Research.xlsx)

# 2.0 Background

TTS seeks agile software development services. The services to be
provided will include all aspects of the software development process,
including initial planning, design, software development and coding,
prototyping, documentation, testing, and configuration. These needs will
be developed based on the needs of TTS, including the Office of
Investments (10X) within GSA’s Office of Products and Programs (OPP) at
the individual call order level.

# 3.0 Evaluation

## 3.1 Basis of Evaluation

TTS will evaluate the submitted quotes against the criteria set forth
below and then make an award based on best value using tradeoffs. TTS
intends to utilize a phased approach for this procurement as described
below. To be considered for award, quoters must successfully pass
through each phase.  
  
TTS will award an agreement resulting from this RFQ to the responsible
quoter whose quote conforms to the Request for Quote that represents the
best value to the government, price and the other criteria specified
below. Quoters are advised that technical evaluation factors combined
are more important than price; as Non-Price ratings become closer, price
will become more important. Criteria are listed in descending order of
importance.

  - Phase 1 – Technical Response
    
      - Criteria 1 - **Relevant Experience**
    
      - Criteria 2 - **Staffing Approach**
    
      - Criteria 3 - **Usability Research Approach**

  - Phase 2 - Oral Interview

  - Phase 3 - Price Response

Quoters must meet all requirements in Phase 1 and will be assigned a
confidence rating. After the initial Phase 1 confidence assignment,
quoters with a ranking of “Some Confidence” or “High Confidence” will be
invited for Phase 2 - Oral Interview.

Quotes that have failed to meet the criteria established in Phase 1 will
no longer be considered for award. Quoters that pass Phase 2 with a
“Some Confidence” or “High Confidence” will be evaluated based on
their price submission.

TTS will evaluate price quotes for award purposes by evaluating the
hourly rate for each labor category and the overall discount provided
off the quoter’s GSA schedule pricing. This will include evaluating
sample quantities for the purpose of considering the estimated total
cost to the Government. TTS may determine that a quote is unacceptable
if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options
under FAR <span class="underline">52.217-8</span> will be accomplished
by using the prices offered for the last option period to determine the
price for a 6-month option period, which will be added to the base and
other option years to arrive at the total price. Evaluation of options
will not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s).

The Government also reserves the right to make no award.

**NOTE: TTS anticipates selecting an awardee based upon initial quotes
received; therefore, quoters are cautioned to submit their best price
and technical quotes in the initial submission.**

## 3.2 Evaluation Criteria and Quote Submittal Instructions 

Quotes will be evaluated on the factors listed below. Failure to follow
the instructions may result in the quote being removed from further
consideration for award.  
  
Quoters are cautioned not to include assumptions, caveats, or exceptions
within any part of their submission. Inclusion of assumptions, caveats,
or exceptions to the requirement of any kind may result in the quote no
longer being considered. Quoters should ONLY submit information
explicitly requested in this
RFQ.

### **3.2.1 Phase 1 - Technical Response**

### As quoters respond to each criteria below, quoters are required to provide how they will meet the objective and tasks identified in the [Performance Work Statement](https://github.com/18F/tts-buy-development-desgin-research-bpa/blob/master/Performance%20Work%20Statement.md). 

#### Criteria 1 - Relevant Experience 

This criteria considers the extent that the quoter as the prime
contractor or its GSA schedule teaming partner has provided software
development services similar to those described in the Performance Work
Statement (PWS) by submitting source code samples and corresponding
project descriptions for similar agile development projects. Quoters
should submit at least one (1) relevant project(s). The quoter shall
submit source code examples via GitHub.

A more favorable evaluation will be provided to the extent of any of the
following exist:

1) The more examples of relevant project submissions w/ source code (no more than five (5) examples).

2) The more recent the quoter’s provided source code samples have been for recent projects involving teams of approximately three (3) to five (5) Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) personnel

3) The quality of said services, TTS will observe the revision history for all files in the source code samples provided.

4) The quality of the user research and design-related artifacts that were associated with the source code samples provided or submitted separately.

**Note: TTS may also consider information from any other source,
including Offeror’s prior customers and public websites**

<span class="underline">Submittal Requirements</span>

The quoter should submit a minimum of one (1) to a maximum of five (5)
source code examples (no more than five (5) examples will be considered)
demonstrating relevant projects. Along with GitHub source code
submissions, quoters may submit a three (3) page narrative discussing
its project experience. Narratives must correspond with GitHub source
code submissions. Each project example narrative shall be no more than
three (3) standard pages (8 ½ X 11 with 1” margins and at least a 11pt
Font); page count does not include GitHub submissions. Please provide a
point of contact (email address and telephone number) for each project
submitted.

For Source Code submissions, at a minimum Quoters shall submit:

1)  The references to one or more source code samples, which must be either links to Git repositories (either credentialed or public); or

2) Equivalent version-controlled repositories that provides TTS with the full revision history for all files.

If the relevant projects to source code samples provided do not include
associated references to user research plans and design artifacts
demonstrating how ongoing user research was incorporated into the
project; then the Quoter must submit a user research plan and design
artifacts relating to at least one (1) of the source code samples
provided.

Note: If a Quoter submits a link to a private Git repository, TTS will
provide the Offeror with one or more GitHub user identities by email,
and the Offeror will be expected to promptly provide the identified
user(s) with access to the private GitHub repository. The source code
must have been developed by either the Offeror itself, a teaming partner
that is proposed in response to this RFQ; or an employee or teaming
partner of the quoter that is being proposed as Key Personnel for this
project.

“Relevant Project” means providing software development services similar
to those described in the Performance Work Statement (PWS) and
demonstrating experience in at least ten (10) of the following
functional experience areas:

  - Agile development practices

  - Automated (unit/integration/end-to-end) testing

  - Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment

  - Refactoring to minimize technical debt

  - Application Protocol Interface (API) development and documentation

  - Open-source software development

  - Cloud deployment

  - Open-source login/authentication services

  - Product management and strategy

  - Usability research, such as (but not limited to) contextual inquiry, stakeholder interviews, and usability testing

  - User experience design

  - Sketching, wireframing, and/or prototyping, and user-task flow development

  - Visual design

  - Content design and copywriting

  - Building and testing public facing sites and tools

Based on responses, quoters will be evaluated based on how confident the
Government is in terms of the quoters experience in similar relevant
projects to determine its ability to execute future call orders.

#### Criteria 2 - Staffing Approach (Limit to 3 pages)

Quoter’s staffing approach must address how they intend on quickly
recruiting and maintaining a workforce to meet call orders based on
requirements in the RFQ. Quoters can discuss company recruiting best
practices, staff currently on-hand, internal personnel retainer
policies, etc. in order to meet this criteria.

<span class="underline">Submittal Requirements</span>

Quoters must submit a three (3) page narrative. Each page shall be no
more than three (3) standard pages (8 ½ X 11 with 1” margins and at
least a 10pt Font), describing their approach and methods of staffing
this BPA (anything over 3 pages will not be considered).

Based on responses, quoters will be evaluated based on how confident the
Government is in terms of the quoters ability to promptly recruit and
maintain staff on future call orders, therefore quoters are cautioned to
be as detailed and concise as possible.

#### Criteria 3 - Usability Research Approach

TTS seeks agile software development services. The services to be
provided will include all aspects of the software development process,
including initial planning, design, software development and coding,
prototyping, documentation, testing, and configuration.

The government is interested in learning your approach and methodology
to user research in this environment. To understand how you would
approach this work, a prompt that reflects the nature of this project
has been provided below:

> Outline a research plan to understand the user experience of US residents whose home has just been destroyed by a hurricane as they apply for disaster-related government benefits, in order to determine whether or not this experience could be improved through the development of new technology products or services. Take into consideration that these applicants need to communicate with relevant agency staff before, during, and after the submission process, and also need to track the status of their benefit application until its resolution.

<span class="underline">Submittal Requirements</span>

The offeror shall submit the following:

1.  An overview of your research process and how it can be connected with software feature development.

2.  A research hypothesis statement related to the prompt.

3.  A brief plan that identifies all proposed methods of user research.

4.  A brief plan to recruit a diverse set of users.

The response must be limited to 750 characters (please note that Google
Forms considers punctuation e.g., commas, semi-colons, quotation marks,
etc.). Quoters will be evaluated based on the Government’s confidence
relative to the submissions received for this criteria.

### 3.2.2 Phase 2 - Oral Interview

The oral interview associated with this RFQ does not and will not
constitute discussions or negotiations as defined in FAR part 15. TTS
will not determine a competitive range, conduct discussions, nor solicit
or allow revised quotes. The entire oral presentation will be conducted
remotely via video conference. Quoters shall not bring or present
slides, graphs, charts or any other written or visual presentation
materials nor will TTS accept or receive quoter handouts.

**Interview **

The interview will consist of the quoter answering the TTS core
questions related to the answers in Phase 1 identified in the Request
For Quotation (RFQ). While the technical factors are identified in the
RFQ, the core questions are not. The questions are related to the
quoter’s technical understanding and approach of the requirements and
relevant experience identified in the Performance Work Statement (PWS)
and quality control measures for overseeing performance. This part of
the interview will not exceed 40 min.

| **Agenda Item**                 | **Time Allotted** |
| ------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| Team Introductions              | 5 minutes          |
| Interview                       | 40 minutes         |
| Government Question and Answers | 10 min             |

**Government Question and Answer**

During this time, TTS may ask questions on any information that had been
presented by the quoter that TTS feels is unclear or needs elaboration.
TTS questions may differ among the quoters based on what needs
elaboration.

**General Information **

*Format.* After review of Phase 1 – Technical Response, TTS will invite
all quoters with a rating of “Some Confidence” or “High Confidence” to
Phase 2 - Oral Interview. Each quoter will be scheduled a 60-minute
interview with the TTS team so that TTS can ask follow-up questions
based on quoter’s Phase 1 responses. Quoters shall also introduce their
team members who will be part of the support team. Lastly, TTS will ask
questions in regards to their expertise relative to the project.

*Location.* The interview sessions will be conducted by video chat,
though audio may be substituted as needed. TTS will coordinate and set
up the virtual meeting space accordingly (by providing dial in or
links).

*Date and Time.* TTS will schedule the date and time of the interviews
with each quoter after the RFQ closing date and receipt of acceptable
quote submissions. TTS reserves the right to reschedule any quoter’s
interview date at the discretion of the Contracting Officer.

*Participants.* Quoters may include as many participants as it feels is
necessary. Quoters are advised to have technical personnel present since
TTS will ask technical questions during the interview. Type and number
of participants included is at the quoter’s discretion and is the full
responsibility of the quoter. All proposed personnel currently employed
by the quoter or its teaming partners shall attend the session. TTS is
most interested in hearing from staff that will have a direct role in
performing on the task. The letter(s) of intent and resume(s) will
suffice for proposed personnel currently not employed by the quoter, or
its teaming partners or subcontractors. After the oral interview,
quoters shall provide an email to confirm attendance with names of
participants to the meeting organizers to the Contracting Officer.

**Once oral interviews are complete, each quoter will be assigned a
confidence rating as described above.**

### 3.2.3 Phase 3 - Price Response

Quoters shall submit a price quote, utilizing the RFQ Pricing Sheet
contained in \[[<span class="underline">Pricing
Template</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1di6d-M34Dx79XXAsPZawYw-VwnXaIByHOQv_NyS9144/edit#gid=2048235537)\],
for all work described in the RFQ, PWS and QASP. Missing or incomplete
pricing data may result in the quote no longer being considered.

TTS will evaluate the price quote to determine that the total proposed
price is realistic, reasonable, and fair. For award purposes, TTS will
evaluate the price quote by reviewing labor categories. The quoter shall
submit the following items for all services quoted:

  - Labor Categories

  - Labor Hours

  - GSA Schedule Hourly Rates

  - Discounted Rate, if any

**Note**: Quoters must complete all Tabs in the pricing sheet. **Tab 6
labeled “Example Pricing”** must be completed so TTS can get a general
idea of what quoters pricing looks like. This Tab will be utilized for
evaluation purposes only with the intent of comparing quoter prices
equally. Labor hours have been added to the sheet with the intent for
quoters to fill in their proposed BPA Labor Rate, Discounted Rate, and
Extended Example Price.

The prices quoted must be at or below the current GSA Schedule contract
pricing. The quoter is responsible for making sure all GSA Schedule
pricing is current. TTS will verify the information from the quoter’s
GSA schedule against the pricing form contained in Attachment B. TTS
seeks additional discounts off quoter’s current GSA Schedule pricing.

**Contractor Teaming Arrangements (CTA) are permitted. CTA partners must
also have a GSA schedule. If the quoter intends to team, a CTA is
required by the closing date and time of the RFQ. However, a fully
executed CTA will be formalized at time of award. Awardees are
responsible in ensuring their CTA partner fully understands the terms
and conditions of the BPA and the reporting requirements required by the
CTA partner. **

**Note: Subsidiary, parent of affiliate companies performing work on
this requirement terms and pricing must adhere to the prime contractor’s
or CTA schedule contract(s).**

## 3.3 Submissions Instructions

**Questions:** All questions regarding this requirement shall be
submitted via GitHub no later than 5:00PM Eastern Time on April 03,
2019. TTS will provide answers to the questions as they come in.

**Quote Instructions:** Quotes in response to the RFQ may be uploaded
into the [<span class="underline">RFQ Submission Form - 10x Development
Support
Services</span>](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1sGieayIyB6qr3iilCqm_zkCmv2J-ST7IyMDAasl5lEc/edit).

**Quote Due Date/Time:** All quotes are due by **April 11, 2019** at
5:00PM EST. TTS will begin immediate review and evaluation of the
submissions following the RFQ closing date and time. Therefore,
submissions or information requests about this RFQ received after the
closing date and time, are considered late, and will not be accepted.

# 4.0 Solicitation Provisions

All provisions included and accepted as part of the quoter’s Schedule
Contract shall flowdown to this RFQ.

**FAR 52.252-1 -- SOLICITATION PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB
1998)**

This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by
reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full
text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text
available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may
include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with
its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those
provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph
identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or
offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed
electronically at this/these address(es):
([<span class="underline">https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar))

**(End of provision)**

**52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (July 1990)**

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

# **BPA Terms and Conditions**

# 1.0 General Information

Pursuant to the quoter’s GSA Contract, it agrees to the following terms
of this BPA. All orders placed against this BPA are subject to the terms
and conditions of the FSS Contract. The products and services available
under this BPA are set forth in the Performance Work Statement (PWS) and
Attachments. The Order of Precedence for resolving any inconsistency
between the product offerings and the GSA contract terms shall be as
specified in the GSA contract Commercial Item clause, FAR 52.212-4, and
the provisions of FAR 52.212-4 specified in FAR 12.302, as required by
Federal law, shall prevail over any terms of the agreement.

This single award BPA is established under the quoter’s Federal Supply
Schedule (‘FSS’ or just ‘Schedule’) \[\[Vendor’s Schedule Contract
Number at time of award\]\], under Schedule 70 Special Item Numbers
(SINs) 132 51 - Information Technology Professional Services and SIN
70-500 - Order Level Materials (OLM), to fill repetitive needs for agile
development Services.

# 2.0 Ordering 

## 2.1 Call Orders 

The scope of this effort is specific to the requirements of the TTS
Develop, Design, and Research requirement, see
[<span class="underline">PWS</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11JKKoQPlswp-kJBa_VP0x_RuUCDtYi99UtpbVQSY3r0/edit).
Detailed technical requirements and administration will be stipulated at
the Call Order level.

## 2.2 Ordering Procedures

Orders are prepared by the Government Ordering Contracting Officer, in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this BPA and the GSA
Schedule, or prime contractor authorized by a Government Contracting
Officer in accordance with FAR Part 51. Orders may be placed
electronically by email, credit card, facsimile, on an authorized form
such as a GSA Form 300 or Standard Form (SF) 1449.

## 2.3 Frequency of Ordering

Orders against the BPA are estimated to occur at least once every 12
months from date of BPA award, however, additional ordering is expected
as TTS team needs arise for the services or product. There is no maximum
to the number of orders that may be placed.

It shall be noted that BPAs do not promise or guarantee actual orders.

## 2.4 Invoicing Call Orders

See Section [<span class="underline">9.0</span>](#invoicing). Below.

## 2.5 Delivery Notice

Unless otherwise agreed to, all deliveries under this BPA must be
accompanied by delivery tickets that must contain the following
information as a minimum:

1)  Name of Contractor;

2)  Contract Number;

3)  BPA Number;

4)  Call Order Number;

5)  Date of Purchase;

6)  Quantity, Unit Price, Labor Hours, Labor Categories, and Extension
    Price of Each Item or Labor Mix (unit prices and extensions need
    not be shown when incompatible with the use of automated systems
    provided, that the invoice is itemized to show the information);

7)  Delivery Time Frame;

## 2.6 Discounts

When ordering against the BPA, GSA TTS will:

  - Request spot discounts

  - Seek additional price reductions and concessions

  - Continue to monitor the commercial market and the quoter’s
    Schedule to ensure this BPA honors the best available price (i.e.
    similar or better discounts or prices that the quoter is otherwise
    providing to as its most favoring pricing)

  - At the BPA annual review, request additional price reductions when
    estimated quantities/amounts under the BPA have been exceeded
    8.405-3(e)(1)(iii) or as needed.

Discounting to the federal government does not invoke the Price
Reduction Clause contained in the Schedule contract. The products and
services available under this BPA, including applicable discounts, shall
be delineated on attached pricing submission sheet
[<span class="underline">Pricing
Template</span>](https://github.com/18F/tts-buy-development-desgin-research-bpa/blob/master/Attachment%20B%20-%20Price%20Sheet%20-%20TTS%20BPA%20for%20Dev%2C%20Design%2C%20and%20Research.xlsx).

## 2.7 Estimated Quantities - Funded Call Orders

The government’s Good Faith Estimate for funded call orders over the
life the BPA (if all options are exercised) is between $5,000,000 to
$10,000,000. However, please note, this is not a ceiling and may be
raised without any justification at the discretion of the Contracting
Officer. It shall also be noted that the government is not obligated to
fund any orders if, for whatever reason, a need does not ultimately
arise.

However, while still not a guarantee until an actual call order award
occurs, the government does currently have funding budgeted and
available for an initial call
order.

## 2.8 Notices to the Government of Delays or Non-Compliance with Delivery Schedules

When the Contractor is unable to comply with the established schedule,
the Contractor must immediately notify the designated COR. These
notifications shall be informational in character and this provision
shall not be construed as a waiver by the Government of any delivery
schedule or of any rights or remedies provided by law or under this
agreement.

The Contractor will not be liable for failure to perform services where
such failure is caused, directly or indirectly, by: (i) a strike, (ii)
an act of God, or (iii) circumstances beyond the control of the
Contractor. This will not relieve the Contractor from making attempts to
complete the BPA call delivery schedules as promptly as possible.
Nothing in this paragraph must be interpreted as relieving the
Contractor of liability for loss or damage to the property.

## 2.9 Notice to Ordering Offices

This is a single-award BPA, established competitively against GSA
Schedule 70. It is the responsibility of the Ordering Officer to:

1)  Comply with the ordering procedures of FAR 8.405-3(b) Obtain
    competition and/or execute brand name or limited source
    justifications as applicable;

2)  Ensure compliance with all fiscal laws prior to issuing an order
    under this BPA;

3)  Incorporate into the order any regulatory and statutory
    requirements that are applicable to the agency for which the order
    is placed, if pertinent requirements are not already included in
    this BPA; and

4)  Ensure the quoter selected for the order represents the best value
    and the lowest overall cost alternative.

## 2.10 Suspension

There may be occasions where the Government may suspend ordering (by
CLIN up to and including the entire BPA.) If a suspension is announced,
the quoter shall adhere to this suspension by not accepting/processing
task orders for the suspended item(s).

## 2.11 Terminology

Relevant to this specific BPA, awards issued against the BPA may be
referred to as ‘Call Orders’ or simply ‘Orders’.

# 3.0 BPA Period of Performance 

In accordance with FAR 8.405-3(c), this BPA shall NOT exceed five (5)
years with a **one-year base period and four (4) one-year options** from
the award effective date (see GSA Form 300). This BPA will be reviewed
annually to ensure that it still represents a “best value”.

Any order issued against the BPA before the BPA expires will have its
own Period of Performance (PoP) and shall be completed in accordance
with Schedule clause 52.216-22(d) which states, “any order issued during
the effective period of this contract and not completed within that
period shall be completed by the contractor within the time frame
specified in the order. The contract shall govern the contractor’s and
government’s rights and obligations with respect to that order to the
same extent as if the order were completed during the contract’s
effective period, provided that the contractor shall not be required to
make any deliveries under this contract after the completion of customer
order, including options, 60 months following the expiration of the
basic contract ordering period.”

# 4.0 Location of Work to be Performed

The primary place of performance will be at the contractor’s facility.
Work may be performed at GSA Headquarters at 1800 F St. NW, Washington,
DC, and Alternate Sites. TTS is a distributed team, and as such, there
is no anticipated need for travel. Any work done, whether onsite or
offsite, must be covered by the rate agreed upon between the government
and contractor.

# 5.0 Work Schedule 

Working hours shall be established at the order level. However, the
contractor will generally be expected to be available during core
working hours from 9:30am to 3:30pm local standard times Monday through
Friday. Contractors are not expected to work Federal Holidays.

# 6.0 Funds Obligation

The BPA does not obligate any funds. Funds will be obligated at the
order level.

# 7.0 Type of Contract Line Items

Call orders issued under this BPA may include the following line item
types:

  - Firm-Fixed Price; or

  - Time and Materials (T\&M) / Labor Hour (LH)

## 7.1 Limitation of Funds (Order Level)

The Contractor shall not provide volumes of product resulting in charges
to the government that exceed obligated funds. The contractor shall
notify the Contracting Officer, and the COR, in writing, whenever it has
reason to believe that in the next 90 days, the charges to the
government will exceed 75% of the obligated funds. The notice shall
state the estimated amount of additional funds required to complete
performance of this task. The government is not obligated to reimburse
the Contractor for charges in excess of the obligated funds and the
Contractor is not obligated to continue performance or otherwise incur
costs that would result in charges to the government in excess of the
amount obligated under this order. Alerting the government in this
timeframe will allow the government to have additional funding approved
internally so another order can be placed (as needed).

# 8.0 Administration

## 8.1 Authorized Users

This BPA has been designated as a General Services Administration (GSA),
Technology Transformation Services (TTS) Agreement and any warranted
Contracting Officer (CO) within TTS Office of Acquisition (OA) is
authorized to place calls against this BPA with coordination with the
primary Contracting Officer and the assigned COR unless otherwise
specified.

## 8.2 Government Personnel

This acquisition will be administered by the following individuals, who
will also monitor quoter performance:

1.  GSA TTS Contracting Officer: Joe Dorsey

2.  GSA TTS Contracting Officer Representative: Will be provided at time of award

3.  GSA Technical Point of Contact: Will be provided at time of award

If a change occurs to either the CO or COR, the government will notify
the quoter. Specifically for the COR, the quoter will receive a copy of
‘COR Delegation of Authority” assignment letter when a COR is
assigned, and the quoter will also receive a letter rescinding the COR
delegation when appropriate.

It is expected that the CO and COR for the BPA will also be the same CO
and COR for each order, however, others may assume those roles.

## 8.3 Authorities and Delegations

### 8.3.1
The TTS Office of Acquisition (OA) is the only organization
authorized to enter into or terminate this agreement, modify any term or
condition of this agreement, waive any requirement of this agreement, or
accept nonconforming work.

### 8.3.2 
The Contracting Officer will designate a Contracting Officer's
Representative (COR) at time of award. The COR will be responsible for
technical monitoring of the contractor's performance and deliveries. The
COR will be appointed in writing, and a copy of the appointment will be
furnished to the Contractor. Changes to this delegation will be made by
written changes to the existing appointment or by issuance of a new
appointment.

### 8.3.3
The COR is not authorized to perform, formally or informally,
any of the following actions:

1)  Promise, award, agree to award, or execute any agreement,
    modification, or notice of intent that changes or may change this
    contract;

2)  Waive or agree to modification of the delivery schedule;

3)  Make any final decision on any contract matters subject to the
    disputes Clause;

4)  Terminate, for any reason, the Contractor's right to proceed;

5)  Obligate in any way, the payment of money by the Government

6)  The Contractor shall comply with the written or oral direction of
    the Contracting Officer or authorized representative(s) acting
    within the scope and authority of the appointment memorandum. The
    Contractor need not proceed with direction that it considers to
    have been issued without proper authority. The Contractor shall
    notify the Contracting Officer in writing, with as much detail as
    possible, when the COR has taken an action or has issued direction
    (written or oral) that the Contractor considers to exceed the
    COR’s appointment, within 3 days of the occurrence. Unless
    otherwise provided in this agreement, the Contractor assumes all
    costs, risks, liabilities, and consequences of performing any work
    it is directed to perform that falls within any of the categories
    defined in paragraph 8.2.3. prior to receipt of the Contracting
    Officer’s response issued under paragraph 8.2.4 of this clause.

### 8.3.4
The Contracting Officer shall respond in writing within 30
days to any notice made under paragraph 8.2.3 of this clause. A failure
of the parties to agree upon the nature of a direction, or upon the
agreement action to be taken with respect thereto, shall be subject to
the provisions of FAR 52.217-4(d) Disputes.

### 8.3.5
The Contractor shall provide copies of all correspondence to
the Contracting Officer and the COR.

### 8.3.6
Any action(s) taken by the Contractor, in response to any
direction given by any person acting on behalf of the Government or any
Government official other than the Contracting Officer or the COR acting
within his or her appointment, shall be at the Contractor’s risk.

## 8.4 Contractor Administration 

The contractor must provide centralized administration, in the form of a
Program Manager, in support of all work performed under this BPA. The
Program Manager, at a minimum, is required to participate in periodic
program management reviews. Additional functions would include customer
service, periodic program management reviews, invoicing, payment and
submission of monthly and quarterly reports.

The information, inclusive of the name of the point of contact, email,
and phone number, shall be uploaded through the ITSS Collaboration tool.

## 8.5 Records

The contractor shall maintain archival copies of all orders for the life
of the BPA. Copies shall be made available to the Government upon
request.

## 8.6 Post Award Orientation Conference

The government's team, CO/COR, and the TTS Product Owner will hold a
kickoff meeting/post-award conference with the selected quoter within 10
calendar days of the acquisition award. This kickoff will include the
selected quoter’s team and other relevant government staff to review and
clarify the project’s objectives, expectations from the government, and
address any questions the selected quoter may have.

## 8.7 Inspection and Acceptance

At time of award, the inspection and acceptance terms and conditions of
the awardees Schedule Contract will apply.

## 8.8 Termination for Cause

If a product is delivered, but it does not conform to the order
requirements, GSA shall take appropriate action in accordance with the
inspection and acceptance clause of the contract, as supplemented by the
order. If the quoter fails to perform an order or take appropriate
corrective action, GSA may terminate the order for cause or modify the
order to establish a new delivery date (after obtaining consideration,
as appropriate). GSA shall follow the procedures in FAR 8.406-4 when
terminating an order for cause. The Contracting Officer must send a cure
notice prior to terminating an order for a reason other than late
delivery. A cure notice is not needed when the reason for termination is
late delivery. If the time remaining in the order delivery schedule is
not sufficient to permit a realistic cure period of 10 days or more, the
cure notice should not be issued and the performance period should be
allowed to expire.

Once the contractor receives the cure notice, the quoter has the
opportunity to remedy the problem.

The Contracting Officer may terminate individual orders for cause. The
GSA shall notify the Schedule Contracting Officer of all instances of
termination for cause of individual orders or if fraud is suspected. If
the contractor asserts that the failure was excusable, the Contracting
Officer shall follow the procedures in FAR 8.406-6, as appropriate.

The ordering activity's Contracting Officer must report any terminations
for cause to FAPIIS. See FAR 8.406-4(e) and 42.1503(f).

## 8.9 Termination for Convenience

FAR 8.406-5 permits the Contracting Officer to terminate individual
orders for the convenience of the government when it is in the
government’s best interest. Terminations for convenience must comply
with FAR 12.403.

## 8.10 Contractor Performance

In accordance with FAR 8.406-7 and FAR 42.1502(c), Past performance
evaluations shall be prepared at least annually and at the time the work
under the BPA or order is completed (to include options of the BPA) when
an order, individually, exceeds the simplified acquisition threshold.
These evaluations are generally for the entity, division, or unit that
performed the contract or order.

(1) Evaluating Contractor Performance: The General Services
Administration is using the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting
System (CPARS) module as the secure, confidential, information
management tool to facilitate the performance evaluation process. CPARS
enables a comprehensive evaluation by capturing comments from both TTS
and the contractor. The website for CPARS is
[<span class="underline">http://www.cpars.gov</span>](http://www.cpars.gov)
Completed CPARS evaluations are sent to the Past Performance Information
Retrieval System (PPIRS) which may then be used by Federal acquisition
community for use in making source selection decisions. PPIRS assists
acquisition officials by serving as the single source for contractor
past performance data.

(2) CPARS Registration: Each award requiring an evaluation must be
registered in CPARS. The awardee will receive several automated emails.
Within thirty days of award, the contractor will receive an e-mail that
contains user account information, as well as the applicable contract
and order number(s) assigned. The contractor will be granted one user
account to access all evaluations.

(3) Contractor CPARS Training: The contractor may sign up for CPARS
training. A schedule of classes will be posted to the CPARS training
site
([<span class="underline">http://www.cpars.gov/allapps/cpcbtdlf.htm</span>](http://www.cpars.gov/allapps/cpcbtdlf.htm)
) and updated as needed.

(4) Contractor Representative (CR) Role: All evaluations will be sent
the contractor Representative (CR) named on your award. The CR will be
able to access CPARS to review and comment on the evaluation. If your CR
is not already in the CPARS system, the contracting officer will request
the name and email address of the person that will be responsible for
the CR role on your award.

Once an evaluation is ready to be released the CR will receive an email
alerting them the evaluation is ready for their review and comment. The
email will indicate the time frame the CR has to respond to the
evaluation; however, the CR may return the evaluation earlier than this
date.

TTS shall provide for review at a level above the contracting officer
(i.e., contracting director) to consider any disagreement between TTS
and the contractor regarding TTS’s evaluation of the contractor. Based
on the review, the individual at a level above the contracting officer
will issue the ultimate conclusion on the performance evaluation.  
Copies of the evaluations, contractor responses, and review comments, if
any, will be retained as part of the contract file.

# 9.0 Invoicing

Note - As the BPA vehicle does not have attached funding, the
information contained within this invoicing section shall apply and
flow-down to Call Orders issued against the BPA.

## 9.1 Invoicing Schedule

The Contractor may invoice once services or products, for the awarded
type and quantity of the call order, have been delivered, inspected
(which includes, but is not limited to confirming that the services were
rendered and/or product(s) were delivered and function properly, and are
accessible and usable by the TTS teams using the product) and accepted
by written confirmation of the COR through the CO. Acceptance will occur
electronically via GSA’s electronic Web-Based Order Processing System,
currently ITSS, by accepting the Acceptance Document generated by the
Contractor at the call order level. Electronic acceptance of the invoice
by the COR is considered concurrence and acceptance of services.

The quoter will invoice one time (per Period of Performance, as
applicable) for the amount matching the order amount once inspection and
acceptance is complete. This one time invoice is also considered the
final invoice.

The Contractor must submit a final invoice within 60 calendar days from
government acceptance. No further charges are to be billed following the
final invoice submission. A completed and signed Release of Claims
([<span class="underline">GSA Form
1142</span>](https://www.gsa.gov/forms-library/release-claims)) shall be
uploaded to the ITSS with the submission of a final invoice.

## 9.2 Content of Invoice

In addition to the items below, the Contractor shall submit proper
invoices as specified in FAR 52.212-4(g):

  - GSA Call Order Number

  - Call Order ACT Number

  - QP Number (funding document number)

  - Prompt Payment Discount

  - Remittance Address

  - POP for Billing Period

  - POC and Phone Number

  - Invoice Amount

  - Invoice Marked as ‘Final’

  - Name of Product, Quantity of Product, and Part Number of Product
    Matching award documents.

All of this information, along with the Period of Performance covered by
the invoice, must be included on each invoice in addition to the
requirements for a proper invoice.

## 9.3 Invoice Submission

Contractors shall electronically transmit/submit invoices and supporting
documentation for invoices through the GSA web-based procurement system,
through the Central Invoice Service (CIS), the contractor shall submit
invoices electronically by logging into the ASSIST portal
([<span class="underline">https://portal.fas.gsa.gov</span>](https://portal.fas.gsa.gov)
), navigating to the appropriate order, and creating the invoice for
that order. This is the only acceptable means for invoice submissions.

No paper invoices shall be accepted. For additional assistance, contact
the ASSIST Helpdesk at 877-472-4877.

# 10.0 TTS Transparency Policy

Quoters are advised that TTS reserves the right to publish documents
associated with this requirement on a publicly-available website,
including any Requests for Quotation (including amendments), Question
and Answer exchanges with quoters (source-identifying information
removed), and other relevant information that is not confidential or
proprietary in nature or source selection sensitive information that
would otherwise implicate procurement integrity concerns.

Upon award, TTS may publish the total awarded price and certain
non-source-identifying data (for example, the number of bids, the mean
price, median, and standard deviation of price). During the performance
of this task order, TTS may similarly publish data related to project
management (for example, user stories, milestones, and performance
metrics) and top-line spending data.

## 10.1 Section 508 Compliance

The Contractor shall support the Government in its compliance with
Section 508 throughout the development and implementation of the work to
be performed.

Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (29 U.S.C.
794d) requires that when Federal agencies develop, procure, maintain, or
use electronic information technology, Federal employees with
disabilities have access to and use of information and data that is
comparable to the access and use by Federal employees who do not have
disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the agency.
Section 508 also requires that individuals with disabilities, who are
members of the public seeking information or services from a Federal
agency, have access to and use of information and data that is
comparable to that provided to the public who are not individuals with
disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the agency.

## 10.2 Privacy Act

Performance of this Task Order may require that personnel have access to
Privacy Information. Contractor personnel shall adhere to the Privacy
Act, Title 5 of the U.S. Code, Section 552a and any other applicable
applicable rules and regulations.

## 10.3 Protection of Information

The Contractor shall be responsible for properly protecting all
information used, gathered, disclosed, or developed as a result of work
under this Task Order. The Contractor shall also protect all Government
data by treating information as sensitive. All information gathered or
created under this Task Order shall be considered as Sensitive but
Unclassified (SBU) information. The use of this data is subject to the
Privacy Act and shall be utilized in full accordance with all rules of
conduct as applicable to Privacy Act Information.

## 10.4 Organizational Conflicts of Interest

All Contractor key personnel, employees, agents, subcontractors and
subcontractor personnel who will have access to documents or data during
the performance of their duties under the Task Order shall execute a
Non-Disclosure Agreement and return it to the CO within 5 calendar days
of award and before being given access to such information or documents.

The Contractor’s attention is directed to Federal Acquisition Regulation
(FAR) Subpart 9.5, Organizational and Consultant Conflicts of Interest.

## 10.5 Data Rights and Ownership of Deliverables

The Government data rights of software deliverables and all other data
first produced in the performance of this task order shall be in
accordance with **FAR 52.227-17 Rights in Data -- Special Works**. The
Government intends for all such data to be dedicated to the public
domain and, to that end, may require the contractor to assign its
copyright in such data to the Government in accordance with **FAR
52.227-17(c)(1)(ii)** or to publicly post it with an appropriate notice
((e.g., [<span class="underline">CC0 1.0 or later
version</span>](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)).

Ownership of code repositories furnished as Government-Furnished
Information (GFI) and Government-provided data entered into any and all
systems, system documentation, and other related system information
shall reside with the Government.

The contractor shall place the following copyright notice on all
materials, documents, deliverables, etc. developed during performance of
this contract.

## 10.6 Requirements for GSA Information Systems

GSA policies “CIO 09-48, IT Security Procedural Guide: Security and
Privacy IT Acquisition Requirements” and “ CIO 12-2018, IT Policy
Requirements Guide” are incorporated in full.
[<span class="underline">Please follow this link for further information
or access to the
policies.</span>](https://www.gsa.gov/about-us/organization/office-of-the-chief-information-officer/chief-information-security-officer-ciso/it-security-procedural-guides)

## 10.7 Assessment and Authorization (A\&A) Activities

Governed by the terms of access allowed by the underlying infrastructure
provider as defined in the SaaS’s FedRAMP A\&A authorization package.

## 10.8 Reporting and Continuous Monitoring

GSA’s Continuous Monitoring Strategy (CIO IT Security 12-66 Rev 2 -
dated 10/10/2017) can be [<span class="underline">found at this
link</span>](https://www.gsa.gov/about-us/organization/office-of-the-chief-information-officer/chief-information-security-officer-ciso/it-security-procedural-guides).

# 11.0 Clauses

This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the
same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request,
the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Applicable
clauses in the quoter’s Schedule contract flow-down into this order.

**FAR 52.252-2 -- CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998)**

This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the
same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request,
the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the
full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these
address(es):
([<span class="underline">https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar))

**(End of clause)**

**FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require
Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation
(JAN 2017)**

**FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal
Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (JAN 2017)**

**GSAR 552.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Items (Feb
2018**)**(DEVIATION FAR 52.212-4)**

**GSAR 552.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations. (FAR
Deviation Feb 2018)**

**GSAR clause 552.238-82, Special Ordering Procedures for the
Acquisition of Order-Level Materials**

**FAR 52.232-18 Availability of Funds (APR 1984)**  
Funds are not presently available for this contract. The Government’s
obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of
appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made.
No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may
arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this
contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability,
to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer.

**(End of clause)**

**FAR 52.217-8 - Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999)**

The Government may require continued performance of any services within
the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may
be adjusted only as a result of revisions to prevailing labor rates
provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be
exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance
hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may
exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 5
calendar days before the contract expires.

**(End of clause)**

**FAR 52.217-9 - Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (Mar 2000)**

(a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written
notice to the Contractor within 5 days provided that the Government
gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to
extend at least 15 days before the contract expires. The preliminary
notice does not commit the Government to an extension.

(b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall
be considered to include this option clause.

(c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any
options under this clause, shall not exceed 5 years.

**(End of clause)**
